Sorry.
There are so many things on my mind
Didn't notice you
Brother Ye Xuan
Have you been too stressed recently?
i
It doesn't matter, brother Ye Xuan
We
We can't hide what's on our minds
We didn't agree.
We are a gang
But because of Wang Junkai
Wang Junshou
The best officer I have ever seen
There is a third prince in the division
It is the surname of my Qing Dynasty abroad, hahahaha.
Wang Junshou Wang Junshou has passed the prison
Mr. Wang really trusts me so much
You have handed over nearly 90% of the crimes to me
If the seizure of power is not timely
Or the demons and ghosts came early, didn't they?
Third Prince
Are you looking down on the lower official?
If that day comes
The old and the weak in Enron County go first
A certain king
Although not born in martial arts
But I also have iron bones
I'm not afraid of death.
At that time
I decided to use the knife
One knife at a time
I must let those who eat the meat of my countrymen
Beasts of my countrymen's blood
ruthlessly
Drop two layers of meat
Wang Junkai
Uh, can we go together?
We face it together
Protect together
Witness the new Qingzhou Kingdom together